Add RabbitMQ inbound endpoint related properties. (#2013)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/synapse-properties/inbound-endpoints/event-based-inbound-endpoints/rabbitmq-inbound-endpoint-properties.md

         </td>
         <td>The SSL version.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>
            rabbitmq.channel.consumer.qos
         </td>
         <td>

>          The prefetch message count. This many messaged will be prefetched before the application sees it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         The prefetch message count. This many messages will be prefetched before the application sees it.
```

>          If not set 0 will be used as the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         If not set, 0 will be used as the default value.
```

      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>
           rabbitmq.queue.autodeclare
         </td>

>          <td>Whether or not to declare the queue. If set to false, we'll assume an already present queue.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         <td>Whether or not to declare the queue. If set to false, we'll assume that a queue is already available</td>
```
